okay we're going to do a video of how to
do a leak down test on a 95 players SL
750 we rebuilt the engine recently put
it back in and everybody I'm talking to
you is telling me you need to do a leak
down test to make sure you've got the
engine seal good and you know all that
kind of good stuff
so we're performing one basically what
you need to do is remove the upper
exhaust manifold
okay then you take a tennis ball and cut
it basically in half and turn it inside
out it's not going to be exactly in half
you're going to want a little bit of the
bigger section that's the part that went
inside but I turn it inside out and it's
rubber on the inside so and then you can
force it in just push it in force it in
the rubber creates a good section or
seal for your exhaust so I'm take the
exhaust off and do that then you want to
take your carburetors off okay now I
picked up these rubber plugs at Ace
Hardware for two dollars and forty cents
apiece and they're just angled plugs I
actually took the intake manifold I had
an extra one I believe these are one and
thirteen sixteenths is the size of them
and there it is Ace Hardware it says
number six on the top here on all these
so if you go in there that might help
it's either a six or nine but anyway and
all I did was push those in and just
give them a nice snug and the rubber
gives it a good seal then you take your
pulse line for your fuel pump
this is the pulse line that would go
underneath on the engine here that's
your fuel pump pulse line you take that
off your fuel pump and you hook it to a
vacuum on pump basically pick these up
at Harbor Freight autozone whatever and
they suck vacuum they don't push vacuum
they suck vac in and you just keep
pumping it until you get nine pounds of
pressure okay
nine pounds
give it to nine then you want to just
monitor that there's a video there's
some discussion on on this topic at
Green Hulk net I believe what they said
was to set it to nine pounds and it
should hold for at least 10 minutes and
that's all you need as you can see my
gauge is not moving or slowly going down
or anything it's holding a nice solid
nine pounds so it looks like we're good
you want to make sure when you're
messing with these rubber bushings you
give a really good push make sure
they're down good and and then make sure
this is in really good the tennis ball
is this rubber and I didn't have to put
any grease on it or nothing I just gave
it a nice good snack the rectums the
rubber is still pretty soft and it held
just fine just push it in game and as
you can see my gauge is still showing
none and all I've done is I've put three
and these plugs in all my car airports
that's all there is to it I still got
nine look at the so that's how you do a
leak down check somebody was asking you
know how long does it take the pump pump
the gauge if you're sitting there
pumping pumping pumping and you're not
getting anything is you probably got one
of these here leaking either the ball or
one of these otherwise you got a leak
and then in that case if you do find out
you have a leak instead of using a pump
to pump you're going to want to put air
and what I did when I first started
doing this I had these were leak and I
was trying a different idea I was using
a rubber ball I'll show you I was using
one of these rubber balls and it sat in
the hole but I just couldn't get enough
pressure on it to hold it down
and it was leaking from it so when I
started looking to figure out where the
leak was I put air into the pulse line
and what you do is set it down to about
ten pounds on your regulator on your air
compressor and then push air in and when
I started pushing down on those balls
then all of a sudden this thing popped
out it came flying out so I knew that
that had a good seal because it went
boom and popped it will just with ten
the ten pounds and so I ran and got
these at Ace Hardware and they're
working good I'm still nine pounds
through this whole video hasn't moved an
inch so looks like I got the seventh
seal good but the reason I was doing
this leak was I did a piston wash and
the piston wash look good and all three
cylinders but I'm having a problem when
I stop and then go to re-accelerate it's
acting up it was running great the last
three or four trips I've had out and
then just this last trip I had pulled
the carburetors off and rejected them
took it out and it was running great and
then just towards the end of the day
after about a two-hour ride I stopped
and I went to reaccelerating didn't want
to re-accelerate I pulled this PT over
plug and it looked a little bit foul and
there was acting just strange so we did
some readjustments on the engine took it
back out and played with the mixture
controlling the carburetors and I got
the plug readings to all look good but I
was still having a problem with it out
of the hole it's a severe severe bog I
actually have to play with the gas just
to get it going and so I just wanted to
make sure I didn't have a vacuum leak in
the engine causing a lean condition you
see the gauge still shown nine pounds so
it looks like I probably have a
carburetor problem I check the vents the
vent on the fuel tank and that's all
checking out good and I got the mikuni
triple fuel pump and I made a bracket to
mount it here so I'm probably got a
carburetor issue I did a did a test on
the carburetors Popoff pressure check
yesterday and everything seemed to be
okay but I'm gonna tear them apart again
just make sure my circuits aren't having
a problem so alright thanks see you guys